docs/resources/tozny_realm.md, before:

# tozny_realm Resource

Resource for provisioning a TozID Realm, the primary top level resource for all other resources provided by TozID (e.g. Identities, Groups, Roles & Applications).

## Example Usage

```hcl
# Include the Tozny Terraform provider
provider "tozny" {
  api_endpoint = "https://dev.e3db.com"
  account_username = "test-emails-group+${random_string.account_username_salt.result}@tozny.com"
}

# Generate a random string for use in creating
# accounts across environments or executions conflict free
resource "random_string" "account_username_salt" {
  length = 8
  special = false
}

# Generate a random string for use in creating
# realms across environments or executions conflict free
resource "random_string" "random_realm_name" {
  length = 8
  special = false
}

# Local variables for defining where to store and find local Tozny client credentials
locals {
  tozny_client_credentials_filepath = "./tozny_client_credentials.json"
}

# A resource for provisioning a Tozny account using Terraform generated
# credentials that are saved to user specified filepath for reuse upon success.
resource "tozny_account" "autogenerated_tozny_account" {
  autogenerate_account_credentials = true
  client_credentials_save_filepath = local.tozny_client_credentials_filepath
}

# A resource for provisioning a token that can be used to register Tozny clients
# such as a realm broker identity
resource "tozny_client_registration_token" "realm_registration_token" {
  # Block on and use client credentials generated from the provisioned account
  depends_on = [
    tozny_account.autogenerated_tozny_account,
  ]
  client_credentials_filepath = local.tozny_client_credentials_filepath
  name = "${random_string.random_realm_name.result}DefaultClientRegistrationToken"
  allowed_registration_client_types = ["general", "identity", "broker"]
  enabled = true
  one_time_use = false
}

# A resource for provisioning a TozID Realm
# using local file based credentials for a Tozny Client with permissions to manage Realms.
resource "tozny_realm" "my_organizations_realm" {
  # Block on and use client credentials generated from the provisioned account
  depends_on = [
    tozny_client_registration_token.realm_registration_token
  ]
  client_credentials_filepath = local.tozny_client_credentials_filepath
  realm_name = random_string.random_realm_name.result
  sovereign_name = "Administrator"
  default_registration_token = tozny_client_registration_token.realm_registration_token.token
}

# A resource for provisioning an identity that can be used to delegate authority for
# realm activities such as email recovery
resource "tozny_realm_broker_identity" "broker_identity" {
  # Block on and use client credentials generated from the provisioned account
  depends_on = [
    tozny_account.autogenerated_tozny_account,
     tozny_client_registration_token.realm_registration_token
  ]
  client_credentials_filepath = local.tozny_client_credentials_filepath
  client_registration_token = tozny_client_registration_token.realm_registration_token.token
  realm_name = tozny_realm.my_organizations_realm.realm_name
  name = "broker${tozny_realm.my_organizations_realm.realm_name}"
  broker_identity_credentials_save_filepath = "./${tozny_realm.my_organizations_realm.realm_name}_broker_identity_credentials.json"
}

# A resource for delegating authority to another Tozny client
# (either hosted by Tozny or some other third party) to broker realm
# activities (such as email recovery).
resource "tozny_realm_broker_delegation" "allow_tozny_hosted_brokering_policy" {
  # Block on and use client credentials generated from the provisioned account
  depends_on = [
    tozny_account.autogenerated_tozny_account,
    tozny_realm_broker_identity.broker_identity,
  ]
  client_credentials_filepath = local.tozny_client_credentials_filepath
  realm_broker_identity_credentials_filepath = "./${tozny_realm.my_organizations_realm.realm_name}_broker_identity_credentials.json"
  use_tozny_hosted_broker = true
}
```

## Argument Reference

### Top-Level Arguments

- `realm_id` - (Computed)Service defined unique identifier for the realm.
- `domain` - (Computed) Service defined & externally unique reference for the realm.
- `admin_url` - (Computed) URL for realm administration console.
- `active` - (Computed) Whether the realm is active for applications and identities to consume.
- `broker_identity_tozny_id` - (Computed) The Tozny Client ID associated with the Identity used to broker interactions between the realm and it's Identities. Will be empty if no realm broker Identity has been registered.
- `client_credentials_filepath` - (Optional) The filepath to Tozny client credentials for the provider to use when provisioning this realm. Omit if using `client_credentials_config`.
- `client_credentials_config` - (Optional) A JSON string containing Tozny client credentials for the provider to use when provisioning this realm. Omit if using `client_credentials_filepath`.
- `realm_name` - (Required) User defined identifier for the realm.
- `sovereign_name` - (Required) User defined sovereign identifier.
- `sovereign` - (Computed) The admin identity for a realm.
- `default_registration_token` - (Optional) The default registration token to use for registering new Identities with this Realm.
- `mpc_enabled` - (Optional) Flag for enabling MPC for the Realm. Defaults to false.
- `tozid_federation_enabled` - (Optional) Flag for enabling TozID Federated Realm. Defaults to False.

### Sovereign Arguments

- `id` - (Computed) Service defined unique identifier for the sovereign.
- `name` - (Computed) User defined sovereign identifier.

## Attribute Reference

- `id` - Unique ID of the provisioned Account.

Commit message:

WR-425-Custom-Forgot-Password-Link

docs/resources/tozny_realm.md, after:

# tozny_realm Resource

Resource for provisioning a TozID Realm, the primary top level resource for all other resources provided by TozID (e.g. Identities, Groups, Roles & Applications).

## Example Usage

```hcl
# Include the Tozny Terraform provider
provider "tozny" {
  api_endpoint = "https://dev.e3db.com"
  account_username = "test-emails-group+${random_string.account_username_salt.result}@tozny.com"
}

# Generate a random string for use in creating
# accounts across environments or executions conflict free
resource "random_string" "account_username_salt" {
  length = 8
  special = false
}

# Generate a random string for use in creating
# realms across environments or executions conflict free
resource "random_string" "random_realm_name" {
  length = 8
  special = false
}

# Local variables for defining where to store and find local Tozny client credentials
locals {
  tozny_client_credentials_filepath = "./tozny_client_credentials.json"
}

# A resource for provisioning a Tozny account using Terraform generated
# credentials that are saved to user specified filepath for reuse upon success.
resource "tozny_account" "autogenerated_tozny_account" {
  autogenerate_account_credentials = true
  client_credentials_save_filepath = local.tozny_client_credentials_filepath
}

# A resource for provisioning a token that can be used to register Tozny clients
# such as a realm broker identity
resource "tozny_client_registration_token" "realm_registration_token" {
  # Block on and use client credentials generated from the provisioned account
  depends_on = [
    tozny_account.autogenerated_tozny_account,
  ]
  client_credentials_filepath = local.tozny_client_credentials_filepath
  name = "${random_string.random_realm_name.result}DefaultClientRegistrationToken"
  allowed_registration_client_types = ["general", "identity", "broker"]
  enabled = true
  one_time_use = false
}

# A resource for provisioning a TozID Realm
# using local file based credentials for a Tozny Client with permissions to manage Realms.
resource "tozny_realm" "my_organizations_realm" {
  # Block on and use client credentials generated from the provisioned account
  depends_on = [
    tozny_client_registration_token.realm_registration_token
  ]
  client_credentials_filepath = local.tozny_client_credentials_filepath
  realm_name = random_string.random_realm_name.result
  sovereign_name = "Administrator"
  default_registration_token = tozny_client_registration_token.realm_registration_token.token
}

# A resource for provisioning an identity that can be used to delegate authority for
# realm activities such as email recovery
resource "tozny_realm_broker_identity" "broker_identity" {
  # Block on and use client credentials generated from the provisioned account
  depends_on = [
    tozny_account.autogenerated_tozny_account,
     tozny_client_registration_token.realm_registration_token
  ]
  client_credentials_filepath = local.tozny_client_credentials_filepath
  client_registration_token = tozny_client_registration_token.realm_registration_token.token
  realm_name = tozny_realm.my_organizations_realm.realm_name
  name = "broker${tozny_realm.my_organizations_realm.realm_name}"
  broker_identity_credentials_save_filepath = "./${tozny_realm.my_organizations_realm.realm_name}_broker_identity_credentials.json"
}

# A resource for delegating authority to another Tozny client
# (either hosted by Tozny or some other third party) to broker realm
# activities (such as email recovery).
resource "tozny_realm_broker_delegation" "allow_tozny_hosted_brokering_policy" {
  # Block on and use client credentials generated from the provisioned account
  depends_on = [
    tozny_account.autogenerated_tozny_account,
    tozny_realm_broker_identity.broker_identity,
  ]
  client_credentials_filepath = local.tozny_client_credentials_filepath
  realm_broker_identity_credentials_filepath = "./${tozny_realm.my_organizations_realm.realm_name}_broker_identity_credentials.json"
  use_tozny_hosted_broker = true
}
```

## Argument Reference

### Top-Level Arguments

- `realm_id` - (Computed)Service defined unique identifier for the realm.
- `domain` - (Computed) Service defined & externally unique reference for the realm.
- `admin_url` - (Computed) URL for realm administration console.
- `active` - (Computed) Whether the realm is active for applications and identities to consume.
- `broker_identity_tozny_id` - (Computed) The Tozny Client ID associated with the Identity used to broker interactions between the realm and it's Identities. Will be empty if no realm broker Identity has been registered.
- `client_credentials_filepath` - (Optional) The filepath to Tozny client credentials for the provider to use when provisioning this realm. Omit if using `client_credentials_config`.
- `client_credentials_config` - (Optional) A JSON string containing Tozny client credentials for the provider to use when provisioning this realm. Omit if using `client_credentials_filepath`.
- `realm_name` - (Required) User defined identifier for the realm.
- `sovereign_name` - (Required) User defined sovereign identifier.
- `sovereign` - (Computed) The admin identity for a realm.
- `default_registration_token` - (Optional) The default registration token to use for registering new Identities with this Realm.
- `mpc_enabled` - (Optional) Flag for enabling MPC for the Realm. Defaults to false.
- `tozid_federation_enabled` - (Optional) Flag for enabling TozID Federated Realm. Defaults to False.
- `forgot_password_custom_text`- (Optional) If set, this text will appear when an Identity presses "Forgot Password". It is meant for offline password changes.
- `forgot_password_custom_link`- (Optional) If set, there are two results. If the link begins with "http" it will be an absolute path, if not it will be appended to the host

### Sovereign Arguments

- `id` - (Computed) Service defined unique identifier for the sovereign.
- `name` - (Computed) User defined sovereign identifier.

## Attribute Reference

- `id` - Unique ID of the provisioned Account.
